Completed Task "Command pages: Management" (#23)
MoonlightCapital/MoonlightBot-docs: management-commands/config.md

# config

The `config` command allows you to configure various settings for the server, such as roles, channels, reaction roles,

> and settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `config` command allows you to configure all settings for the server, such as role behavior, channels, reaction roles,
and other customizable behavior of MoonlightBot.
```

Corrected a bit the paragraph, also, this intro needs to explain how the command works generally and how to show the values without editing them. Include that all defaults are 0/empty/false unless specified otherwise.

And what "open editor" does

# config

The `config` command allows you to configure all settings for the server, such as roles, channels, reaction roles,
and other customizable behavior of MoonlightBot. To get the current configuration of a setting, just use the
corresponding sub command without any optional arguments.

{% hint style="info" %}
If an argument provides you with the option `Open Editor` like the argument `custom-notification-text` of
the [`roles on-expire`](../management-commands/config.md#on-expire) command, it means that a modal textbox will open for
you to input your desired text.
<br>

> All default values are either `0`,`empty` or `false` for their respective arguments, unless stated otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All default values are either `0`, `false` or empty for their respective arguments, unless stated otherwise.
```

"empty" in itself isn't a value

* Manage Server

For more information on editing permission requirements for specific users/roles, refer to
the [permissions tutorial](<linkToPermissionsTutorial>)

## edit

This command allows you to set a role to be persistent or not. A persistent role means that when the user rejoins the
server,

> they will automatically get the role back.

Reviewer: That's the only thing it does for now, but in the future it may allow for some different settings.

## edit

This command allows you to set a role to be persistent or not. A persistent role means that when the user rejoins the
server, they will automatically get the role back.

{% hint style="info" %}

> Note that this command may be expanded in the future to allow for more role settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command may be expanded in the future to allow for more role settings.
```

## on-expire

This command allows you to set up a custom notification for when a temporary role expires.

```text
/config roles on-expire <role> [notify] [custom-notification-text]
```

* `role`: The role for which the notification should be set
* `notify`: Whether to notify the user when the role expires (True/False)

> * `custom-notification-text`: This allows you to open the editor to set a custom notification message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `custom-notification-text`: This opens a modal textbox to set a custom notification message
```

## self-assignable

This command allows you to set up a role to be self-assignable by users. This allows them to assign the role to
themselves without needing a moderator to do it for them, and they can remove it themselves as well. It works on a vice

> versa basis.

Reviewer: Explain this is related to the selfrole command and link to it. Explain a bit all available options, a lot of people are looking for this feature

## join-assignable

> This command allows you to set up a role to be assigned to a user when they join the server.

Reviewer: Same for self-assignable

Author: What do you mean exactly? Should I explain it further on how it works and if it should be linked like the `self-assignable` to where?

Reviewer: The part about explaining what the options there do, not the command

## detect-assignment

This command allows you to set up a detection system for a role that is assigned to a user by another bot or a

> moderator. It will change the role to a temporary role and remove it after a certain duration.

Reviewer: important thing: bot needs audit log perm to make it work

## detect-assignment

This command allows you to set up a detection system for a role that is assigned to a user by another bot or a
moderator. It will change the role to a temporary role and remove it after a certain duration.

{% hint style="warning" %}

> This setting requires that MonnlightBot has access to the audit logs to detect the assignment of roles by other bots or

Reviewer 2: > MonnlightBot

Typo.

Reviewer: @Darkfinst12 waiting for you to address this then I'll approve and merge.

## channels

This command allows you to set up in which channels MoonlightBot logs, ignores mute evasion bans, and sends ephemeral
replies.

```text
/config channels <channel> [logs] [ignore-mute-evasion-ban] [ephemeral-replies]
```

* `channel`: The channel to be configured

> * `logs`: To open the editor to set up the logs

Reviewer: add details, link to list of log names page

> * `ignore-mute-evasion-ban`: Whether the Bot should consider messages sent in this channel to be an evasion of a mute or

Reviewer: this is correlated to another option down below in this page. mutually link them

MoonlightBot requires the following permissions to successfully execute this subcommand:

> *View Audit Log*

Reviewer: Revert, does not go here. The actual command does not require any permission, it's the role assignment detection itself that needs the audit log.

Author: So the bot in general needs the permission to view the audit log?

Reviewer: yes, it must be a separate annotation, better if warning hint that it's needed

Author: Okay, I started with the hint, but it felt wrong

## reaction-roles

This command allows you to set up and manage groups for reaction roles. If the group does not exist, it will be created.

{% hint style="info" %}
For information on how to delete a group, refer to
the [`reaction-roles`](../management-commands/reaction-roles.md#delete) command and for information on how to set up
reaction roles, refer to the [`Setting up reaction roles`](../start-up/setting-up-reaction-roles.md) tutorial.
{% endhint %}

```text
/config reaction-roles <group> [join-only] [leave-only] [reverse] [max-roles] [dm-notification] [freeze] [duration]
```

* `group`: The group to be configured or created
* `join-only`: Prevents the user from removing their role(s)
* `leave-only`: Prevents the user from assigning the role(s)
* `reverse`: When the message is reacted on, it will remove the role instead of assigning it, and vice versa
* `max-roles`: The maximum amount of roles within the group a user can assign themselves
* `dm-notification`: When a role is assigned/removed, the bot will message the user (true by default)

> * `freeze`: When true, the group will not function

Reviewer: this is a quick way to disable reaction roles without taking irreversible actions, such as deleting group/message or removing reactions from the message

> * `duration`: How long the user will keep their assigned role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `duration`: How long the user will keep their assigned role(s)
```

## settings

This command allows you to set up the settings for the server, such as the mute role, mute evasion ban, and locale.

```text
/config settings [mute-role] [mute-evasion-ban] [locale]
```

> * `mute-role`: The role to be used as the mute role

Reviewer: link to create-muterole and respective commands that make use of it

> * `mute-evasion-ban`: If the Bot should automatically ban anyone who sends a message and has the mute role to avoid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `mute-evasion-ban`: If the bot should automatically ban anyone who sends a message and has the mute role to avoid
```

link to the corrispective channel-specific bypass above

* `reverse`: When the message is reacted on, it will remove the role instead of assigning it, and vice versa
* `max-roles`: The maximum amount of roles within the group a user can assign themselves
* `dm-notification`: When a role is assigned/removed, the bot will message the user (true by default)

> * `freeze`: When true, the group will not function this is a quick way to disable reaction roles without taking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `freeze`: When true, the group will not function. This is a quick way to disable reaction roles without taking
```

This command allows you to set up the settings for the server, such as the mute role, mute evasion ban, and locale.

{% hint style="info" %}
Note that you can make exceptions to the `mute-evasion-ban` via the

> [`channels`](../management-commands/config.md#channels) command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`channels`](../management-commands/config.md#channels) subcommand.
```
